added docs for migration to K8s v1.22 (#7494)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/index.md

- Ingress-Nginx-IngressClass-2 with .spec.controller equals to "k8s.io/ingress-nginx2"
When deploying your ingress controllers, you will have to change the `--controller-class` field as follows:

Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx1 with `k8s.io/ingress-nginx1`
Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx2 with `k8s.io/ingress-nginx2`
Then, when you create an Ingress Object with IngressClassName = `ingress-nginx2`, it will look for controllers with `controller-class=k8s.io/ingress-nginx2` and as `Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx2` is watching objects that points to `ingressClass="k8s.io/ingress-nginx2`, it will serve that object, while `Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx1` will ignore the ingress object.

Bear in mind that, if your `Ingress-Nginx-Controller-nginx2` is started with the flag `--watch-ingress-without-class=true`, then it will serve ;
- objects without ingress-class
- objects with the annotation configured in flag `--ingress-class` and same class value
- and also objects pointing to the ingressClass that have the same .spec.controller as configured in `--controller-class`

## Why is the ingressClassResource disabled by default in the helm chart ?

> - If this field is set to enabled value and there are existing ingress objects in the cluster, then the existing ingress objects will not be onored and only any new ingress object yo ucreate will inherit the ingressClass value.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
- If this field is set to enabled value and there are existing ingress objects in the cluster, then the existing ingress objects will not be honored and only any new ingress object you create will inherit the ingressClass value.
```
